Dynamic load generation with remote control (#17)
elastic/opbeans-loadgen: README.md

## HTTP mode
The use of HTTP mode was developed specifically as a load-generation component for use in the [APM Integration Test](https://github.com/elastic/apm-integration-testing) suite. 

Specifically, it is designed for use when the suite is launched using the `--dyno` flag, which enables user-controlled load-testing with the ability to manipulate the performance constraints of various services at-will.

### Running in HTTP mode in a container [Recommended]
To run the Opbeans Load Generator in HTTP mode, start the container by defining the environment variable `WS` in the context of the running container. Typically, this is done using the `-e` flag [as shown in the Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/compose/environment-variables/#pass-environment-variables-to-containers).

#### Note on running in the APM Integration Test Suite
When running the Opbeans Load Generator in the APM Integration Test suite with the `--dyno` flag, the `WS` environment variable will be defined automatically and the container will start in HTTP mode.

### HTTP method overview

> The following is a list of HTTP methods and their purpose. For specifics including possible

Reviewer: I'd say to create a link to the docs in the dyno/README.md, something like:

```suggestion
The list of HTTP methods and their purpose can be found in the [http method overview section](dyno/README.md#http-method-overview).
```

> arguments and expected returns, please see the in-line documentation:
> 
> Endpoint|HTTP Verb|Description
> --------|---------|-----------
> /api/start|POST|Start a load-generation job
> /api/list|GET|List all configured jobs
> /api/update|POST|Updates a running job with a new configuration
> /api/stop|GET|Stops a currently-running load-generation job
> /api/scenarios|GET|Retreive a list of scenarios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
